update || true

install go || true

install htop || true
install peco || true
install git || true
install gist || true
install tmux || true
install wemux || true
install tree || true
install openssl || true
install cmake || true
install automake || true

install zsh || true
install wget || true
install curl || true
install libtool || true

install jq || true
install python3 || true
install ruby-build || true
install rbenv || true
install cpanminus || true

install nginx ||  true
install mysql || true
install sqlite || true
install mongodb || true
install memcached || true

install java || true
install scala || true
install sbt || true

install rbenv  || true
install ruby-build || true

#install groovy || true
#install grails || true
